Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I know you're scared.
- but I'm...
- Scared?
It's natural. When someone
has an attempt
made on their life...
You know I was recruited
by the FBI
and Central Intelligence?
Scored a 99th percentile in IQ.
but only an 80%
on the psych eval.
You want to know why.
you condescending asshole?
Interpersonal skills?
I lack the ability
to tolerate horseshit.
And this...
and this... is horseshit!
You think I'm some poor.
scared. little girl?
I'm not scared. I am pissed.
They came into my house
that I fixed up with my money
in the town
that my family founded
because they think
they are untouchable.
You want a gun?
Uh-huh.
Fine by me.
Gray gave this to me
a couple of years ago.
Wanted to keep it in the family.
and I was
the only family he had.
Not what you'd call
a subtle weapon.
People round here
know I have this thing.
Use it wrong.
and it gets back to me.
So don't use it wrong.
I won't let
anything happen to it.
Your house isn't safe anymore;
pack your bags.
Finlay?
Got an ID on the body
that was found with Joe.
We gotta get to the morgue.
Are you kiddin' me?
I just told you to be careful
with that thing.
Never trust a weapon you
haven't personally test-fired.
You two were already
working the case?
First thing in the morning?
We were just getting
back into town.
From where?
Alabama. Bar closed late.
storm flooded the road.
You took him out drinking?
Isn't that the exact opposite
of what I told you to do?
Good thing I did.
Whoever killed the Morrisons
came after us last night.
Broke into my house.
carved a threat into my door;
who knows what they would've
done if I'd been there alone.
They came into your house?
I'm fine.
Let's just see
what Jasper has for us.
It's okay.
I had my eye on her.
Here you go.
Sorry; I didn't know
you were coming.
Once the prints came back.
we got a full run on the man.
Victim's name is Pete Jobling.
Trucker for Southfreight
Shipping. which makes sense.
'cause the test results
I got back
showed a little too much
hydrogen sulfide
in his blood gases and tissue;
he spent his whole life
on the road.
sniffing other people's
catalytic converters.
43. married.
resides in Atlanta...
Record's clean
except for a 2018 arrest
for a Jacksonville
traffic violation
that turned into
a disorderly conduct.
Defended by Zacarias
Perez LLP. No conviction.
Zacarias Perez. Here he is.
Oh. Looks fancy.
Not the kind of firm
that defends truck drivers.
Thanks. Jasper.
Hopefully we don't need
to see you again any time soon.
Yeah.
It's a D.C. number.
- Secret Service.
- Hello?
Officer Conklin?
This is Molly Beth Gordon.
Specialized Administrative
Officer with the Secret Service.
I got your message
regarding Joe Reacher.
I work with him.
Uh. hi. Molly Beth.
Oh. Joe!
Oh. thank God.
Why haven't you
returned my calls?
I was so worried.
Ms. Gordon.
this is Jack Reacher.
Joe's brother.
Joe's dead.
No.
No. you're wrong.
I'm not.
How?
He was murdered.
We think his death
may be related to his work.
Do you know what Joe was doing
in Margrave. Georgia?
Uh... I don't know.
He was. um...
He was running
a classified investigation.
I just don't know the details...
God.
I know it's not the best time
to answer questions.
but we really need your help.
What position did Joe hold
in the Secret Service?
What? He was...
Uh. he was. he was the.
he was the director.
he was the director of
the Office of Investigations.
You... you didn't know that?
No.
We hadn't spoken in a while.
Was anyone working under him?
No.
No. um...
No. he assigned
his current case to himself.
Nobody knew about it.
You did.
We were close.
Molly Beth. um.
this is Officer Conklin.
I'm-I'm sorry.
we're almost done. I promise.
Was there a specific
division of O.I.
that Joe was heading up?
Uh. yeah. he-he runs...
he ran our
anti-counterfeiting department.
Agent Gordon?
Captain Finlay.
Chief Detective. Margrave PD.
Had there been reports
of counterfeiting
in the Margrave area?
I... I really don't feel like...
Can we just talk about this
another time. please?
I know it's hard.
and I hate doing this.
considering
what we just told you.
but you're our only lead.
On a case it appears
Joe died for.
Um... Okay.
Joe told me that he put a stop
to all domestic counterfeiting
a while ago. Um...
He put all
these procedures in place;
made it basically impossible
to make anything here
without getting caught.
He was chasing
international stuff.
Like South America?
I don't know. Um...
I can try to get
his files for you.
Thank you.
But hard copies only;
we don't want a digital trail.
Why?
Seems whatever Joe was into.
people were killed over it.
We don't want anything
leading back to you.
We need to keep this quiet.
Shouldn't I tell his superiors?
Absolutely not.
We can't trust
the Secret Service?
Joe kept this top secret
for a reason.
I believe in my brother's
instincts. Do you?
- Yes.
- Okay. good.
So we tell no one until
we have a better understanding
of what we're dealing with.
Okay. Um...
it'll take me a day or so
to copy it all.
That's okay.
You sound just like him.
We'll talk soon.
Your counterfeiting guess
was right. Reacher.
My bet was guns
or sex trafficking.
Well. like you said.
everything comes down to cash.
Counterfeiters just cut
out the middle man.
But multiple murders
over Monopoly money?
People kill over 20 bucks
in a wallet.
Imagine what they'd do
to protect a limitless supply.
We don't have to imagine; we've
been to the Morrisons' house.
No way it's a coincidence
Hubble was a currency manager
for Axis Financial's
Atlanta branch.
Okay. so we check out
where he worked.
I go there midday
flashing a badge.
people clam up and lawyer up.
I'll track down
some of the suits after hours.
- Mm.
- But right now.
I need you back in uniform
and at the station house.
Pretend to look for the ex-cons
who killed the Morrisons.
I'm sorry. what?
Teale doesn't know
we suspect him.
so we play his game for now.
I'll tell him you found
your house broken into
and you're determined
to find out who's responsible.
So I get to watch Teale waving
his cane like a scepter.
playin' boss;
what do you get to do?
I'm going to pay a visit
to that jail guard. Spivey.
Got his address this morning.
Next county over.
I'll come.
'Cause it went so well
the last time?
No. you're gonna to go see
Zacarias Perez LLP.
See what you can find out
about Jobling's arrest.
An assignment?
I thought I was not...
By employment. appearance.
or lifestyle choice...
A cop anymore.
Well. shows you
how desperate I am.
So be smart.
don't break the law.
and promise me you won't
end up in another holding cell.
No.
Can't wait till this is over
and that guy's out of our town.
Officer Conklin.
Keeping banker's hours?
I was at the morgue.
getting intel
on the second highway victim.
I made my directive clear.
Those bodies take a backseat
to those of our departed
colleague and his wife.
A cop is dead.
and from what I've heard.
we could've had another.
You holdin' up all right?
Yes. sir.
Though if I had been home.
I would've taken
at least a couple
of those bastards with me.
That's the spirit. kid.
If someone wants to come
after Margrave's finest.
they better be ready
for a fight.
Now. I want you focused on
these boys up on the board:
some of the more violent perps
Morrison helped incarcerate.
Aggravated battery.
domestic assault.
armed robbery.
Bad men.
Copy that.
I'm in the process
of running down
stolen car reports
for the whole county.
Figure if an ex-con was gonna
go to a cop's house.
he wouldn't risk
using his own ride.
Well. that's good thinkin'.
You keep me posted.
Hmm.
Roscoe?
You were with
Finlay this morning?
I was.
And. uh...
someone came after you?
Appears that way.
Could be related to Morrison.
could be teens with
a fucked-up sense of humor.
Yeah. Um...
My cousin Charlie's
not picking up her phone.
Paul. either.
The whole family's disappeared.
Just wondering if you know
something I don't.
No.
Do you?
Nope. I'm just trying
to figure out what the hell's
going on around here.
Yeah. Me. too.
I haven't had any luck.
so I'm just gonna
focus on the ex-cons.
like Teale said.
You really think
that's the way to go on this?
Good a road as any.
Teale's boss now.
What about Finlay?
Think he might know something
he ain't sharing?
I doubt it.
Everybody in Margrave still
treats him like the new guy.
Yeah. Well. whole town's wound
tighter than jungle gym screws.
I don't know what
to tell my wife.
This Reacher guy's
running all over everybody
- like it's...
- Stevenson?
A moment.
Yes. sir.
Mr. Spivey?
Tanner Spivey?
Alton police!
- You picked the wrong town to rob in.
- Wait!
Those bruises look pretty fresh.
You still feelin' 'em?
A bit.
The accident was
just a few days ago.
Well. truth be told.
Mr. Doyle...
I'm sorry. what was your
first name again?
Uh. Brian.
Truth be told. Brian.
we don't normally handle
auto claims here.
Usually leave that to
the bus bench crowd.
But The Home Depot's
got deep pockets
and I intend to get my hands
all the way in 'em.
get you the recovery
you deserve.
So. let's start
at the beginning.
What was the date
that delivery truck hit you?
There was no truck.
I made up a story
so you'd see me.
Now get me your file
on Pete Jobling.
Excuse me?
A client you represented
for a traffic violation
and disorderly conduct charge.
His file.
Get it.
I don't know what game
you're playing at here.
but get out of my office.
No.
Excuse me?
Who the hell
do you think you are?
A pissed-off drifter
with nothing to lose.
Oh. you want to get arrested
for trespassing?
Pull up Jobling's file. Now.
I will ruin your life
with one phone call.
I'll end your life
with one phone.
Pull up Jobling's file.
Print it.
Staple.
Little further.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Oh.
Don't bother trying
to find out my real name.
Cause any problems.
you'll wish
I'd finished strangling you.
Listen. man. you should've
told us you were a cop.
Hard to do
with a boot in your mouth.
And it shouldn't make
a difference.
Jesus.
Which one of you assholes
did this?
Thought he was a burglar.
How many burglars you know
wear suits?
He didn't look
like he lived there.
- Are you fuckin' kidding me right now?
- Hey.
Let it go.
We have bigger fights.
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
You know. cursing is
a sign of a weak mind
and a weaker character.
But I appreciate
you having my back.
Of course.
You hear from Reacher?
We're meeting him at Jolene's.
Said he found something.
Good. 'Cause so did I.
Cops or civilians?
Just Southern hospitality.
How'd it go at the law firm?
Got everything I needed.
How?
Just... used the phone.
Two fried chicken thighs.
fried okra. ribs.
collard greens. pole beans.
rice with giblet gravy.
cottage cheese and peaches.
Buttermilk chicken sandwich
with coleslaw.
And for you. spinach salad.
Dressing on the side.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
I was embarrassed ordering that.
How do you eat like that
and still look like you do?
Like this.
So. Roscoe says
you found something.
Our dead trucker's employer.
Southfreight Shipping?
They were contracted to
Kliner Industries.
When our trucker got into
legal trouble.
Kliner paid his legal fees.
That makes what I came across
even more interesting.
- What's that?
- I searched Spivey's house.
Looks like he left town.
But his landline showed multiple
calls to Kliner Industries.
So. roads are leading to Kliner.
The patron saint of Margrave?
You really think that
he could be counterfeiting?
Who knows? He certainly has
the financial resources
to pull off something
of this scale.
Maybe he has those resources
- because he's counterfeiting.
- Mm.
Well. how does Hubble's
bank fit into all this?
Not sure. But I'm gonna break
into Kliner's tonight
and see if I can find something
that connects them.
You can't just sit there
and say you're gonna violate
the Fourth Amendment
while you eat okra.
Yes. I can.
- Wanna see me do it again?
- Reacher...
I don't know what we'll find
or not find.
Things maybe lead to Kliner.
We're flying blind here.
so somebody's gotta kick
the hornet's nest.
You jeopardize this
investigation
if you get evidence
that's inadmissible
because it was
unlawfully obtained.
You get that busted nose
filling out a warrant
to search Spivey's house?
A man who may have information
regarding a murder
had disappeared.
He didn't return my calls.
so I went to his house.
No answer there. despite
it being mid-afternoon.
and he not reporting to work
that day.
I had a reasonable belief
that Spivey could be in danger.
- Mm.
- Exigent circumstances are exceptions
to the warrant requirement.
Exigent circumstances?
That's bullshit.
Maybe. But it's legal.
Okay. fine.
I won't break into
Kliner's office.
I'll walk in
and talk to him. Now.
I'm coming.
A man that powerful.
someone's gotta keep
a cool head.
Okay. I think
I know what's going on here.
but if you two can't play nice.
I'm gonna do what Meemaw used to
and make you sit on the ground
and hold hands.
Okay... eat it or clean it up.
Jolene's not your mama.
I gotta go keep tracking down
those rental cars. Bye.
I'm taking those ribs to go.
You hungry?
Good boy.
Reacher. what are you doin'?
Owner's been leaving him out.
not giving him water.
What the hell's goin' on here?
This your dog. sir?
It was my uncle's.
He died a few weeks ago.
I didn't want the mutt.
but now I got it.
"It"? What's his name?
It was a barn dog.
Got no name.
Now. I told you the other day
to stay the hell out of my yard.
Negligent care of an animal's
a misdemeanor in Margrave.
$500 fine.
up to ten days in jail.
Everything going on
in this town.
and you're worried about a dog?
This how they policed
up in Boston?
Don't make me come back
and cite you. sir.
Reacher. come on.
Not a single security camera.
Maybe Kliner doesn't want a
record of what's going on here.
Captain Finlay. over here.
Right this way.
Mr. Kliner's expecting you.
That was a hell of a lot
of animal feed back there.
It's the South.
They all have got cows.
I'll do the talking.
Good. I don't like talking.
A family of skilled marksmen.
Uh. just up here. gentlemen.
I'm not sure I can help you.
I wish I could. but all I know
about these killings
is the gossip from the diner.
which we both know is
far from reliable.
Tanner Spivey.
and has himself disappeared.
called your company multiple
times in the last three days.
Pete Jobling. also deceased.
is a former truck driver
for Kliner Industries.
For a company
we contracted with.
Be that as it may.
you paid his legal fees for
a minor traffic violation
that escalated into
disorderly conduct.
We're just looking
for some clarification
as to your relationship with
these men. if you wouldn't mind.
No. Um...
regarding Mr. Jobling.
I ship product
all over the country.
Truck drivers drive too fast.
They get all amped up
on energy drinks.
It behooves me
to keep lawyers on retainer
to get my drivers back on
the road and keep the wheels
of business literally in motion.
And as for Mr. Spivey.
you said he called my company?
We have a general number with
over a dozen departments.
Perhaps Mr. Spivey has a buddy
on the loading docks?
Maybe they were just making
plans to grab a beer after work.
Perhaps. Or perhaps he was
calling for another reason.
I know you're only
doing your job.
and I know you're just trying
to get answers
about your brother's death.
But. if I may speak frankly.
after all I've done
for this town.
after all I've invested into it.
I'm a little insulted
to be under suspicion.
More than a little.
My intention was never
to insult you. Mr. Kliner.
That's okay.
I know you've been under
a lot of stress with
- all that's been happening.
- My intention
is to conduct my investigation
in any manner
I see fit.
And right now.
that means finding out
what you may or may not know.
I know you've had some trouble
settling in here. Captain.
I wonder why that is.
Maybe it's because you're
a Northerner.
Or maybe it's your
fancy education.
Or maybe it's another reason.
Hmm?
Anyway. you haven't exactly
ingratiated yourself
to the good folks of Margrave.
I mean. the people of this town.
the other members of
the police department
want to help you;
they want to work with you.
They've told me so themselves.
We all want justice to be done.
But not if you're
chasing down theories
without any basis in fact.
Some friendly advice?
This evidence trail
you're following?
It's a waste of time
for you and for me.
Leave it.
Horatio Finlay.
Excuse me?
My father's name.
Horatio Finlay.
You might think you're
everybody's daddy in this town.
but you're not mine.
You don't tell me what leads
to chase and how to chase them.
So if I may give you
some friendly advice:
if you keep talking to the cops
on my force.
hinder this investigation
in any way. I will put
my fucking foot
up your fucking ass
until your heart fucking stops.
I think it's time
for you gentlemen to leave.
You know. cursing is a sign
of weak mind
and weaker character.
Shut up.
"You're not my daddy.
Horatio Finlay's my daddy."
Oh. loosen up.
You did the right thing.
Kliner's a bully.
Bullies need to know
they can be punished. too.
Don't cry.
no matter what.
Don't cry. I don't care how
scared or upset you get.
don't you dare let 'em
see you cry.
Boys...
I'm gonna get right to it.
We just came from the hospital.
Curtis Bishop had his face
bashed in with this.
His cheekbone was fractured.
He had to have surgery. sutures.
This is a very serious crime.
There were bicycle tracks
leaving Curtis's house.
You know where they led?
Right there.
To your bike. Joe.
Joe. did you do this?
"All signs indicate yes."
You're not safe at home anymore.
You need to pack a bag
and bounce around motels
- outside Margrave for a while.
- I'm chief detective.
And Morrison was chief
of police. and his balls
are in his stomach now.
Kliner knows you suspect him.
We don't know who to trust
at the station.
Motels. Cash. Fake names.
Travel light.
You mean live like you?
You get used to it.
He's in the back.
What's he doing.
packing his tweed pajamas?
- Probably.
- Jesus.
I don't know what's
more depressing.
this or Morrison's place.
You said your family used
to be in farming. right?
Yeah.
How many head of cattle
can a moving truck
full of animal feed
take care of?
A lot. Why?
How many head of cattle does
Kliner have on his compound?
I don't know.
Uh. I see 'em when I
drive by his north acreage;
call it a hundred.
Nothing for the size
of the land.
I'm gonna ask you again. Why?
I don't know.
He was getting a ton of feed
delivered today.
Organized operation.
Didn't seem like the first time
they were doing it.
It's not like he's running
a commercial farm.
It's Georgia.
Lot of folks have cows.
That's what I hear.
Hey. You been here a year?
Who's your decorator. this guy?
Haven't had time to
furniture shop.
- We good to go?
- Yeah.
There's a motel right outside
Hickory where
we can stay under the radar;
third exit off 85.
Reacher.
I just want to make sure
we're on the same page
because your punch-to-syllable
ratio is about 1:1.
I'm gonna go get a snack.
Just because
it looks like Kliner
might be a part of all this
does not mean you can just
go take him out.
No problem.
- Really?
- A federal agent.
a cop and multiple
civilians are dead.
We're not dealing with
a small-scale operation.
this thing's a hydra;
I cut off one head.
two more grow in its place.
There's no justice
for Joe in that.
I'm gonna uncover
this whole operation.
and then burn it to the ground.
That takes time.
which is something
I have in great quantity.
Taking Kliner out's
the last move. not the first.
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Pretend whatever you want.
Okay.
So. we have three
viable leads right now:
Hubble. Jobling and Spivey.
Spivey's in the wind. Hubble's
wife doesn't know anything.
But maybe Jobling's wife does.
It's late. but I can
question her tomorrow.
Do whatever you want.
but Spivey's the answer.
I get him to rat on whoever
paid him to kill Hubble.
we know everything.
I'm finding him.
Now?
He could've told me to
meet him anywhere.
He picked the Blue Cat.
A place he was comfortable.
was probably a regular.
Maybe some of the other regulars
know where he's hiding.
And neither of you
are coming with me.
You'll be made instantly.
You both reek of cop.
I'll meet you in Hickory.
All right.
I'll meet you there. too.
I gotta go get some toothpaste
and deodorant and stuff.
I don't know how
he lives like this.
Yeah. I gotta
make a stop. too. Roscoe?
Be safe.
Oh. watch out.
Keep bein' nice like that
and you're gonna be making
friends around here in no time.
Get off my truck.
You been with that Reacher guy
a lot lately.
Did he tell you
all about himself?
Or is there not much talking
going on?
Your mama teach you the way to
a girl's heart is stalking her?
I wouldn't have to
resort to this
if you would ever
go out with me.
But some outlier strolls in.
next thing I hear.
you guys are best pals.
Five years ago the Kliners
were outliers. Now move.
If you guys are so close.
he must've told you
about Baghdad. right?
'Bout those civilians
that he killed.
And how his connections
got him off?
The charges disappeared.
but nothing goes away
completely. not these days.
Jack Reacher's a murderer.
If you don't let me
into my truck right now.
I'm gonna have you facedown
on the hood in handcuffs.
Maybe I'd like that.
Hey.
I'm looking out for you. Roscoe.
I care about you.
Whoa.
Pull!
Yow! There she is.
Nice shot.
Damn right. I'm bustin' up more
clay than a Tuscan earthquake.
- I'm Steve Williams.
- Oh.
And I gotta tell you.
you guys put on a better party
than the Charleston branch.
Debbie Shane.
- You're from Charleston?
- Mm-hmm.
How's that son of a gun
Tom Sloane doin'?
Still a son of a gun.
in every way possible.
Yeah.
that doesn't surprise me. Pull!
That is how you do it.
Remind me to never get
on your bad side.
So. what're you
doing in Atlanta. Steve?
Uh. grandmother passed.
Oh.
In between wakes I still need
to get some work done.
so I was gonna use your office;
but when I called...
- Excuse me. sir. care for a drink?
- ...they said you closed shop
- early for this event. so here I am.
- Pull!
I'm sorry about your grandma.
but you know what helps
clear your head?
- Shooting things.
- Ah.
Guns make me nervous.
But you know what
you could do for me?
Is tell me a bit about Axis
in Atlanta.
Past few days has me thinking
how life's short.
maybe it's time I shake things
up a bit. transfer offices.
Well. it's a great
place to work.
Nice people.
What division are you in?
Account services.
But truth be told.
I started out wanting to work
in currency management.
Was hoping to make a run
at that again.
Well. that's gonna be tough
to do at our branch. Stevie.
We had a guy
handling that for us.
but he picked up and left
about a year ago
and we discontinued
the department.
It's kind of niche. you know?
Not that many people do it so...
I'm confused.
Your currency manager. what
did you say his name was again?
I didn't.
But it was Paul Hubble.
So this Hubble guy quit
the bank a year ago?
Yep. Up and left without so much
as two weeks' notice.
Kind of a dick move
if you ask me.
Bottom line. we don't really
do the currency thing anymore.
Pull!
Be careful.
A wedding ring falls on the
ground. it's up for grabs.
Really? Says who?
The law.
Famous case of
Finders v. Keepers.
Never heard of it?
No. ma'am. I haven't.
You're not from around here.
That "ma'am" sounds way north
of the Mason-Dixon.
Boston.
Oh. no.
Well. I'll stay
if you promise not to bring up
the Patriots.
Still don't know how the Falcons
blew that Super Bowl.
At 28-20.
you kick the field goal.
I said don't bring it up.
Okay. My bad.
So. what do you do?
Uh. nothing important.
Not recently. anyway.
Cryptic. Cryptic is good.
Sorry. I work in
law enforcement.
Wow. And that
brought you... here?
I'm on a case I can't
seem to untangle.
With a rookie I can trust.
and a veteran
who I'm not sure I can.
At least not to do
the smart thing.
What's your gut say?
Get the hell out of Dodge.
So why are you staying?
Because we're the only ones
who want to make things right.
Seems like a good reason.
Are my questions bothering you?
No. I'm just. uh.
not great at conversation.
But here goes.
Where are you from?
I'm from Marietta.
work in cosmetics.
and my instincts are impeccable.
And my instincts tell me
you're a nice guy.
So why don't we find
another bar around here?
One with pool tables
and cheaper drinks.
Maybe even a dark corner
somewhere
and see where the night
takes us?
I'm married. remember?
Me. too.
But when a fella's marriage
is going well.
he doesn't take his ring off for
the world to see in a motel bar.
I'm flattered.
And you're nice. too.
And lovely.
But I'm not your guy.
Okay.
Can't blame a girl for trying.
Good luck. Officer.
Two-dollar bill?
Huh?
Mailmen have 'em
'cause the Treasury
pawns 'em off on
the Post Office.
Public doesn't like 'em.
Gambling addicts get 'em
in change at the race track
on account of the standard
two-dollar bet.
I don't see a mailbag.
Something tells me you wager
more than you make
and you could use
some extra cash.
Guilty as charged.
You know Tanner Spivey?
He was a regular here.
He's not gonna
tell you anything.
Spivey's a friend.
And he don't need anyone
asking about his business.
Find yourself another bar.
Boxer. Southpaw.
Golden Gloves.
You know. the thing about
boxing: too many rules.
Where's Spivey?
He left town
with some Spanish guys.
Real fast. That's all I know.
Here we go.
Come on.
There you go. stay close.
But not too close.
There you go.
Stay with me. boys.
He went off-road. To the right.
Up ahead. to the right.
Hello. Spivey.
Shit.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm